How much medicine do you take?
Any family history of back pain?
Have you had surgery?
What brings you in today?
Has anyone in your family had any back pain before?
Ok. What do you do for exercise?
any fevers or headaches?
And you can't work because of the back pain?
I'm sorry to hear that. Hopefully we can make your experience this time better. 
how did they die?
Do you have any allergies?
How are you doing today?
Is there anything else you'd liek to address today?
Are your grandparents still with us?
Does the pain spread to other areas?
is there any pain with urination?
Okay. I'm sorry your back is bothering you so much. That must be difficult. IO
Have you been doing anything to alleviate the symptoms?
Do you have nearby family or close friends?
Anything make it bettter?
I see. What do you do for work?
Anything else that you want to talk about?
that sounds awful
Alright I am going to run through a series of questions about your overall health just to get a better understanding. Do you have any other hmedical history?
Do you have a good support network?
How long ago were you moving the apartment?
What's been going on?
Could you point to where on your back this is happening?
Do you drink alcohol, if so, how often?
Do you work alone?
Okay, how are you taking care of your back?
Ok so lets talk about this back pain. What concerns you?
when did the frequent urination start
Anything else?
are you sexually active?
zero to ten how would you score it? with ten the highest pain
Are you taking any medications currently?
So this injury must really get in the way of that!
That must be hard missing work
How does missing work  make you feel?
How are you doing today?
Have you been working through the pain?
very fun. how would you characterize your diet?
how do you feel about yourself
what about other tests for hypertension or blood sugar
Any different than usual?
Could you tell me your date of birth?
And it is bothering your work as an auto mechanic.
Oh no I'm so sorry that your back has been hurting
On a scale of one to ten, how would you rate your pain
Does the pain spread?
do you use your back alot at work?
Great. What do you do in your free time?
how has your job been?
How long has it been going on?
Do you drink this much weekly?
do you have any sexual partners
Have you done anything to make the pain better? 
are you taking any other medications?
Do you have any other pain in other parts of your body associated with your back pain?
sexual history
do you smoke
Is your back pain rtiggered by anything?
How much are you taking?
have there been any changes in your body since?
any medications you take regularly 
Okay, I want to talk more about your back pain & your past medical history.
May I palpate your back and spine?
Do your parents have any conditions?
how is home
What is the dose of your baby aspirin?
What about your family? Any diseases?
does it hurt all the time?
I can understand why you would want to address that pain
do you have any allergies
Have you gotten all your immunizatins?
Hi Mr. Wilkins, my name is First, and I'm going to be interviewing you today.
What about marijuana?
And when it hurts does it radiate anywhere
Is it stressful at times owning your own garage?
Hello, how are you today?
Do you feel safe?
Okay, is there anything that makes it worse?
Are you working?
It was a pleasure meeting you.
When did the pain start?
Do you think your pain is related to your urinary issues?
Is there anything else you have tried besides the ibuprofen?
How are you doing today?
Do you have any children?
Do you have any allergies to medications?
So it was not due to lifting, but to bending?
Are you taking any hormones or laxatives?
Can you tell me more about your back pain?
are you on any medications?
Do you drink alcohol
does anything make the pain worse
Do you exercise?
any family history of illness
do you consume caffeine regularly
Did you back pain just start recently?
Lastly, some questions about your home life. Who do you live with?
How is your diet?
It is a dull ache, correct?
is your job pleasurable
do you enjoy your job
y?
how's the health of you family?
What do you do for work?
How are you doing today?
 is there anything that makes it better or worse
Can you point to the spot on your back?
have you drank alcohol before
are there any stresses in your life
Tell me more
What do you do in your free time?
Okay, we'll definitely take care of your back pain today. Before we start talkign about it is there anything else you'd like to discuss before you leave today?
Id like to talk to you about your medical history now
Any recent vision screenings?
do you have any children
do you have any other health problesm?
Sure, how about the frequent urination?
Okay. How long ago would you say that that was?
Has it gotten beter or worse over the past week
Ok so what brings you in here today?
Besides ibuprofen, is there anything else that helps with the pain?
Have you been screened for any cancers or illnesses
Are you taking anything to alleviate the pain now?
when does the pain start
Has it been pretty constant since?
Have you tried any medications for your pain?
How many hours a night?
what brings you in today
Do you have any allergies?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
So to summarize, your back pain began four to five days ago when you bent down to lift a couch.
On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate your pain?
Have you had any accidents or injuries?
Anything else?
Have you had any surgeries in the past?
If there is please let me know
Do you have children?
Do you have children?
ok, why don't you tell me about the increased urination you've been experiencing
Have you tried any thing else besides ibuprofen to make the pain better?
I'm sorry to hear that. I am happy to hear that your parents are doing well though. I'm going to ask you some questions about your medical history now.
Have you ever had TB?
And can you describe the pain?
are your parents alive?
I'll talk with my team and see what we can do. Bye
What about any hospitalizations?
when is it better or owrose?
Do you have any siblings?
Have you ever been in an accident or injured?
Have you had a colonoscopy?
What do you do for work?
Any surgical history
do you feel safe at home
do you have children
How does this make you feel?
What about to relax? Do you drink?
are you taking any medication
okay. do you currently take any medications other than the ibuprofen?
That must be really hard for you. I'm sorry to hear that.
Can you think of why?
what do you do for a living?
How would you rate the pain?
do you smoke
how has this affected you
okay. do you drink?
thank you for letting me be apart of your healthcare team
Okay, have you every felt a pain in your back like this before?
Do you have pain while sitting?
I would like ask a few questions about background. First, haveyou had any major illnesses in the past?
Anything else you want to add about your back pain?
Is there anything else that I may have missed?
Are you married?
When did you hurt your back?
Moving on to your family. Are you parents alive?
Do you smoke at all?
OK. Have you ever had this pain before?
Do you know if you're up to date on all your immunizations?
Do you have any allergies I should know about?
How often do you drink?
have you had any surgies
Have you ever experienced something similar to this before?
Okay. Do you have siblings?
do you smoke
Have you ever had a sexually transmitted disease?
Awesome. So no hospitalizations or surgeries?
is there anything else I should know
How old is your father? 
When did the more frequent urination start?
what do you do for a living?
Are you taking anything for your urination?
Can you tell me more about the pain?
I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me more about your back pain?
How many partners have you had in the past?
Ouch that must be painful
Well can you tell me a little more about this pain
Are you currently sexually active?
when did the pain start
Okay. How often do you exercise?
So, about how many drinks per week would you say is your norm?
Could you tell me about your parents?
What do you do for work?
DO you have kids?
Alright. How often do you experience this increased need to urinate?
What about your father's parents? 
Is there anything you do that makes it better?
Ok and how does that make you feel? that must be uncomfortable
Have you done anything that makes it better
What would you like for me to do for your back today?
Have you had any serious illnesses or injuries in the past
is this apartment here in the area?
tell me more about the saw palmetto
Is there a time of day or activity that increases your pain?
DId anything occur that mighr have initially caused the pain
What do you do for fun?
Any additional medications? 
Is there anything else you would like to tell me about the pain?
have you tried anything that makes you feel better this time?
Okay, I can imagine that must really intefere with your daily life!
are you taking any other medication
Is there anything that makes the pain worse or better?
how is your home life
When did you hurt your back?
Nothing else?
are your parents healthy
Can you please tell me more about your back pain and urination?
Have you ever been hospitalized?
do you smoke
All right, I will give this information to the doctor so we can help you
Where on your back is the pain located? Does it spread anywhere else?
Ok, I have all the information I need. Is their anything else youd like to discuess 
Do you have any other diseases?
And is it just in that one spot?
Ok, Mr. Wilkins is there anything else you would like to tell me about your back pain?
Do you do any physical activities for fun?
Do you have any allergies?
Do you use any other substances?
How has the back pain been affecting your life?
What kind of work do you do?
Can you tell me more?
Okay. How about your family's past medical history?
On a scale of 1 - 10 how severe is your pain?
when did the frequent urination start
Do you have any chronic illnesses?
Okay tell me more about that
is your job pleasurable
hi
when did it start
Absolutely. Is it okay if I ask you a few more questions?
how much ibuprofen do you take
Have you had sexual activity in the past?
Has there been any redness or tenderness associated with your pain?
I am a first year medical student here to ask a few questions
any high blood pressure?
is there any blood
This will take about 10 to 15 minutes
What are the major stressors in your life?
do you take any other mediciation?
Can you describe the pain?
any past medical history?
Is the pain constant all day?
do you exercise
Where do you work?
What do you do for your job?
Who lives at home with you
Does the spread at all?
how is home
how much do you take?
Does anyone in your family have any diseases?
Can you describe the pain to me?
Can you describe the paijn?
do you have any allergies
do you drink alcohol
And who do you live with?
Any difficulty with muscle aching?
can you rate the pain
I'm sorry that must be hard for you. Is there anything else you want to talk about besides the back pain?
Do you feel comfortable?
Okay, and do you take any medications?
And what caused that pain?
So back pain and the need to urinate more frequently? Anything else?
We have about 10 minutes to talk today. What concerns would you like to discuss?
Is there anyhting else you would like to talk about?
Okay, now I am going to ask some more directed personal questions that I ask all patients just to get a more complete understanding of your social history.
have you every had any problems with alcohol
Why did you start taking this medication?
do you drink alcohol?
Are you married?
What do you think is causing your symptoms?
Any other medications?
What about your physical activity?
what is your diet like?
Have you taken anything to reduce the pain?
How are you?
how is home
And it hurts whenever you try to do any work?
sure. would you like to take an x ray first before we move further?
Any medical history?
How old are they?
What seems to make it better?
Before we start, I just want to let you know that this is a confidential conversation- please feel free to tell me anything. You can trust me.
do you exercise
Are you happy with your job?
No seasonal or environmental allergies?
Tell me about your back?
how are your parents doing
have you ever smoked 
Did you do anything different before the pain started?
How is your finger doing now?
Can you tell me more about your back pain?
Do you have any adverse reactions to medicines?
Okay. I understand. So, we have about 20 minutes together today. I'd like to hear more about your back pain and more prequent urination and also talk about your past medical history. Sound good?
Did that start at the same time as the back paiN?
Do you have siblings?
you are currently single?
So tell me about the back pain 
Awesome. Are you on any medications right now?
Good. Have you had your prostate checked?
Have you tried taking anything to make the pain better?
How does it feel when you walk around?
Do you have a significant other?
To summarize, you have been experiencing back pain for about a week, correct?
So it is pretty bad if it is stopping you from working. What else can you tell me about it?
Would you mind if I examine your spine?
And has it gotten worse since then or stayed the same?
does anything make th epain worse
What makes it worse?
Tell me more about home.
Does anything make the pain worse?
And when did this pain start?
How did it start?
Can you tell me about your need to urinate more frequently?
are you sexually active
Thank you for telling me. Next I want to talk about your medical history
major life events
Does anything else make it worse?
When did this start?
Do you have any allergies?
what makes the pain worse
Why do you take Saw palmetto
How is your mood?
Were you ever married?
does ibuprofen seem to help
Can you tell me more about your frequent need to urinate?
what do you eat
You're a good friend! When was this?
do you use illegal drugs
I want to make sure we talk about your back but we have 15 minutes together today. Is there anything else you would like to discuss during this time
How much ibuprofen do you take?
Do you have any other jobs besides being an auto mechanic?
Are there certain times of the day where it is more painful?
Well we're going to do our best to get you back to work, that must be frustrating.
Hi I'm Krista Taylor I am a student whi is a part of your care team today.
Can you tell me more?
Do you monitor your blood pressure?
do you drink alcohol
how severe is it on a scale from 1-10
here is what I have, you've had back pain for a couple days following a sharp pain you felt while moving furntirure.
Are you up to date on your vaccinations?
Where does the pain occur? 
What do you do for work?
Hi Mr. Wilkins I'm a first year medical student here
Can you tell me where in your back you feel this?
What dose of ibuprofen did you take?
okay anything else besides aspirin and ibuprofen?
Thank you
social history
Besides your back pain, is there anything else you want to talk about?
are you sexually active
can you tell me more about this
Is there anything else bothering you?
do you use illegal drugs
blood in urine or stool
Have you had any problems like this in the past?
What brings you in today?
Do you normally have a cup of coffee every morning?
does your family have any history of illness?
do you have any allergies 
sorry to hear that. can you tell me more?
any family history of diseases
That sounds like it must be difficult. Has your inability to work caused issues?
I hope so too! Thanks Mr. Wilkins
Tell me more about this
Did something cause that pain four years ago?
Do you take any other medication than the baby aspirin?
Are you taking any medications?
How about any surgical procedures?
Do you drink any alcohol?
Who lives at home?
No children. How about siblings?
So did the pain start sharp and then begin to become dull over time?
Have you evr been hospitalized
do you smoke
Is there anything that makes it worse?
Ok, so it seems that about a week ago your back started hurting after you were lifting heavy boxes with a firend. You have tried ibuprofen which helps some but not much. Have I summarized everything
Can you tell me about your father?
You've been taking ibuprofen just for your back pain?
Are you working?
Does the pain spread or is it mostly just in your lower back?
Have you ever had your prostate examined?
Okay, how many drinks do you have per week?
Okay, I have some other questions I'd like to ask to get to better know you so we can best treat you today. Is that okay?
Do you have any siblings?
Alright. Have you been taking any medications for the pain?
Have you ever tried recreational drugs?
okay so ibprofeun helps it out a bit ?
That's great. Do you feel safe at home?
Do you ever drink alcohol?
Ok. And are you taking any medications?
Ok. Can you describe the pain?
are you taking any medication
rashes
on a scale of 1-10 how bad is your back pain usually?
any pets?
What do you spend most of your days doing?
Is there anything that makes the pain worse?
You don't have back pain anymore?
Have you taken any non prescription drugs?
Have you been sexually active in the past?
Does anyone in your family have cancer?
what makes the frequent urination better
When was the last time you were seen by a doctor?
How old are your parents?
Do you smoke?
Have you ever experimented with any drugs?
is there anything else
Is there any history of back pain in your fmaily?
Have you had allergic reactions to medication?
do you exercise
What are your hobbies?
okay well i think I have everything I need about this current back pain
Is there anything that makes the pain worse?
When did you help your fried move and firstnotice the pain?
How is your mood?
Can you describe the pain?
Does the pain spread to any other areas?
Do you ever have any negative or suicidal thoughts?
Okay, thanks for that information. Let's move on to your social history. Where do you live?
what do you do for fun
Can you tell me have you ever had any surgeries?
Are you on any medications
And is there something you were doing that you think might have caused the pain?
do you have a partner?
Has the pain been constant or intermittent?
tell me more about your back pain
Have you ever been hospitalized?
Has the pain changed at all since it started?
okay do you know what was the cause of death 
Do you feel safe?
Do you own a gun?
Okay. Do you smoke?
any hospitilizations?
Ok, I'm going to ask some more directed questions. Can you rate your back pain on a scale of 1-10?
Any other medications?
is there anything else that is concerning to you about this
what makes the pain worse
have you taken any medication?
how old are your parents
Do you wear a seat belt?
where exactly is the pain
how does it affect your daily life
have you taken anything for the pain?
How would you describe the pain?
Could you describe the pain a little more for me?
Who lives at home with you?
Does it radiate anywhere? Does the pain move from that location?
Do you have any kids?
Can you tell me about your parent's health?
dod you have any allergies
How severe is the pain?
What kind of healthy foods do you eat?
We have about 25 minutes together today. How are you feeling?
Tell me about work.
Does your work ever contribute to health problems or injuries?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
have your parents ever had any health problems?
Are you sexually active?
Do you work?
Anything make it better?
Do you have any questions?
Do you have someone special?
what makes the pain worse
Does anything make the pain better or worse?
Do you know of any illnesses that runs in your family?
is there anything else you think i should know?
Ok, your back and increased urination. Anything else?
can you rate the pain
Any other medications?
Do you have any mental health concerns?
Okay, great. We have about twenty minutes today
do you use illegal drugs
Yes, I agree, I wish I could talk with you for longer! But we will do our best to cover eevrything
How does that make you feel?
are there any other symptoms you have noticed that started around the same time?
Could you tell me about your family
Are your parents still alive>
It's nice to meet you too, did you have trouble finding us today?
Do you drink alcohol?
do you take drugs ?
did a certain activty cause it to start hurting 
Okay, and have you had any family history of back pain?
Any surgeries in the past?
Can you rate the pain on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the worst?
do you smoke
Good. Do you smoke cigarettes at all?
Have they ever had any disease?
How much ibuprofen are you taking?
okay well I am really sorry Jim, can you describe the pain to me?
what do you do for fun?
It sounds like the back pain would really get in the way of work.
any history of sexually transmitted diseases?
That is quite the disruption to your day. You said it is mostly still. Can you point out exactly where the pain is located?
Tell me about your back pain.
How old is your mom and is she still alive?
How is your life at home?
Can you tell me about how is started
Thanks for letting me know. 
okay. I think I have everything about your back that I need
have you had any illnesses or surgeries?
Are you up to date on your immunizations?
It's great to have a way to relieve stress
Alright, we'll discuss your back pain. Is there anything else?
are you up to date on immunizations?
how severe is the pain?
How are your bowel movements?
What do you do for fun?
And havee you taken any medication to alleviate the pain?
Do you have any chest pain or shortness of breath?
Does the pain move anywhere or does it stay in your lower back
I'll be interviewing you today, is that okay?
Does anything make the urination less frequent
You said you are single. Do you live alone?
How about your father's parents. Can you tell me about any medical conditions your grandfather had?
Just to summarize, we'll first talk about your back pain, and then about your urination, sound good?
Okay, anything else you'd like to add about your back pain?
These questions  may seem personal, but I'm just trying to understand your health 
Bending down and moving... You mentioned trying ibuprofen. How much do you take when you take it?
Do you ever feel stressed?
I am now going to ask you a few personal questions if that is alright?
Alright. Have you ever had any back pain in the past?
on a scale of 1 to 10 how severe is it
Are you sexually active?
You mentioned your back is hurting is there anything else?
Do you have any allergies?
how is home
We can definitely talk about your back pain today. Why don't you start by telling me a little more about the pain
are your parents alive?
Okay, we'll get to your back pain in a minute. Is there anything else you want to discuss?
How are you today?
Do you smoke, Mr. Wilkins?
any of your immediate family have any medical history
How does that make you feel?
What else can you tell me about the pain?
Ouch. I understand. That must be very uncomfortable. Can you show me where your pain is located?
have you been previously hospitalized?
one a scale of 1 to 10 how painful is it
Why did you wait to see a doctor?
Do you use any illicit drugs?
Good. Are you normally happy or do you feel sad at times?
Thanks for your time. Have  agreat day>
So we'll talk about the back pain first, then we'll talk about your urination
chest pain
Do your parents have a history of chronic illnesses or cancer?
Could you tell me your first and last name and date of birth?
Do you have any children?
are you sexually active?
Are you currently sexually active?
Do you have any allergies
Do you currently use alcohol, tobacco, or other drugs?
How much ibuprofien?
can you rate the pain
Do you have siblings?
does anything else improve it?
Can you tell me how it started?
how intense is the pain
what makes the pain worse
Are you currently taking any medications?
Hello, what brings you in today
Is there anything you do or a medicine you take that makes it better?
do you prefer men or women
What type of pain is it?
Is the pain affecting your sleep?
What do you do for a living?
any prior surgeries
have you ever had any back pain in the past?
Can you tell me more about the urination problem?
do you feel safe in your life
What brings you in today?
We you recently injured?
any changes in your bowel movements?
Did Chris get everything taken care of that he needed?
Are you on any medications?
are you allergic to any medications
Does work negatively impact your health
Have you tried treatment to help with peeing
I can understand how that would be difficult. Can you drive?
Do your kidneys hurts?
Do you have any allergies to medcations?
Do you know when your grandparents died
Do you live with anyone else?
okay and do you use any illegal drugs
Do you take anything else?
?
who do you live with?
how intense is the pain
Do you take any medications?
A few months ago, and what has it been like since it started?
Has anyone in your family had diabetes?
do you have any allergies
Do you exercise?
How much ibuprofen?
Do you know of any medical conditions your grandparents had?
do you live with anyone
Okay. Is this pain limiting your motion in any way?
You're mentioning this back pain that's affecting your work, can you tell memore about that?
Do you have children?
and you feel safe in your home?
Good call. What is the dosage?
Hello
Do you have a lot of friends?
Ok. Im going to ask a few questions about your family.
Are there any medical conditions in your family we should be aware of?
does the pain move to other areas of your body?
have you ever been in the hospital
Any accidents?
Any hearing problems?
Ouch. Are you taking any medications besides the ibuprofen?
Do you have a family history of any disease?
is your urine a different color?
Do you feel sad often?
I would like to ask you some more personal questions
Good. Who do you live with?
have you had surgery before?
Ok I am going to take this information to your healthcare team to help figure out your back pain
Let's talk a bit about your family. Do you have any children?
Hello, my name is Student Doctor Janice
Did something happen to cause the pain?
Does it impair your sleep?
Now you said it started four to five days ago?
Could you please tell me you rname and birthday?
Any difficulties at home?
Do you drink?
Have you noticed any redness or swelling associated with your back pain?
How much time do you spend working on your feet?
What time of the day do you have increased urination
Any blood in your urine?
Were you doing anything at the time that caused the pain?
Anything else that I should know about?
Okay. Have you been able to work with this pain?
how intense is the pain
Tell me about your urinary problems
Does it get better with anything?
Tell me about your  back pain.
Are you able to do a little work or none at all?
What do you think may be causing the pain?
are you current on vaccinations
do you smoke/drink?
Okay. Are you a smoker?
How is this pain affecting yo
HAve you ever been hospitalized?
Does the pain impact you?
where do you currently work
Does the pain radiate anywhere?
Have you tried anything to make it better?
Do you know what dose?
Has it impacted your sleep at all?
lets see what we can do to hel pyo uout
Tell me more about this back pain 
Awesome. Do you enjoy your job?
Any other symptoms?
I'm sorry. When did your back start hurting?
That must really impede on your daily life.
Tell me about home
Are there any other concerns you have regarding the pain?
Is there anything else you would like to talk about at todays appointment
That sounds uncomfortable! Is back pain the primary reason for your visit? Is there a
Have you been hospitilized?
Do you have any other concerns?
Okay. How many times do you go to the bathroom?
If we have time I would also like to talk about your increased urination.
vitamines?
Let's move on to your past medical history.
Can you tell me what brought you in today?
Do you smoke?
are you taking any other medication
Do you drink?
Do you know what they died of?
Is it a deep pain?
Thank you Mr. Wilkins. So, we have about 20 minutes to talk about your pack bain and your past medical history today. Do you have anything else you'd like to talk about?
Any prior surgeries?
unusual bowel movements
Thank you, Mr. Wilkins. I'll be right back.
Do you own a gun?
What did they die of?
I'm going to ask you some questions about your past medical history.  You mentioned you are taking baby aspirin for your heart.  Do you have a history of heart problems?
can you tell me about your back pain
Thank you for your time
have you had any surgeries
Good I am glad to hear that. Do you have any children?
Have you had any serious injuries in the past?
Can you rate the pain on a scale of 1-10?
We have about 15 minutes to talk today, are there any other concerns you want to ask?
have you taken any other supplements?
Tell me about the stress in your life
ok
Have you tried topical treatments for pain?
do you drink
Let's move on to some questions about your family.
May I have your name and date of birth for verification?
Have you ever been hospitalized?
Has it gotten better or worse?
who do you live with?
Great. Are you sexually active?
okay, so we are going to have about 15 minutes together. I want to discuss your back pain and the urge to urinate. Tell me about what you've been experiencing
How aobut your siblings?
Do you have any numbness or tingling in your feet?
Have you had any other medical issues in the past?
Did that sharp pain persist during the day?
Does the pain radiate or remain localized
ARe your grandparents living
how old are your parents 
What dosage of Saw Palmetto are you taking?
Just the ibuprofen, I see. Mr. Wilkins, do you smoke?
Do you bend down and move a lot at work?
How bad is the pain?
Is there a certain position that makes it more comfortable?
Is there anything that makes it worse?
Thats great! And how long have you been doing that?
Have you had any other hospital visits?
Have you tried any medications to manage your pain?
Have you ever gone to physical therapy?
Really, so this sounds like something that has really been affecting your quality of life!
do you use illegal drugs
Any history of cancer in your family members?
does the pain radiate anywhere?
How bad is the pain?
Okay. Are there any other symtoms that come with your back pain?
Do you drink alcohol?
now im going to ask about family history. do you have children?
Who lives at home with you?
Where does it hurt?
Besides the ibuprofen, what other medications have you taken?
Is there anything that makes the pain worse?
Ok, and have you noticed anything that makes the pain worse?
How old are your parents?
I can imagine not. Have you tried anything to aleviate the pain?
Next I want to talk about your past medical history
how many hours a week do you work?
Do you smoke currently or anytime in the past?
What do you do for fun?
Do you have a flu shot?
Okay, and moving onto safety and screening. Do you use a seatbelt?
First, tell me a bit more about your back pain
where is the pain
Is this keeping you from working?
And for your job?
have you been hospitalized
How is your diet?
can you rate the pain
Is this something that you have seen a doctor about before?
any other symptoms
are your parents alive
Are you involved in any groups outside of work?
Do you have any more questions or concerns for me?
Thats unfortunate. What do you do?
I'm sorry to hear, that must be very tough
Hello, my name is student doctor Janice
Does the pain radiate or is it pretty localized?
Can you tell me about your family
Thank you for coming in today.
How much ibuprofen
How about any siblings 
Hello Mr. Wilkins, my name is Preethi and I'm a medical student
That sounds really difficult to deal with. Can you tell me a little more about whats goinit?
Where on your back hurts?
How old were you when you got stiches?
Hello Mr Wilkins. How are you today?
Are you taking any alternative medications or therapies?
I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me more about your back pain?
How's your breathing? Any trouble?
does the pain feel deep or superficial
Tell me more.
what activities do you do
are you currently taking any mediations?
Have you felt pain anywhere else other than your lower back?
Thank you. Anything else?
Does the pain radiate or does it stay in the same place?
Can you describe the pain?
Well thats great, do you feel you and your friends all share that same belief?
You said you haven't had any ibuprofen today, correct?
How is your sleep?
on a scale of 1-10, where 10 is the worst pain of your life, how bad is it?
let me move on to the standard history
and your grandparents are they living?
Does anything make it worse
We'll do our best to make that happen!
Okay, and has it gotten any better or worse over time?
How do you feel about work?
How old is your dad?
Does anything besides medication make your back feel better?
Do you currently take any medications?
That's healthy, good. How is your mood these days?
Have you had your prostate checked?
Ok. Is there anything that makes it feel worse?
do you wear a seat belt in the car
Are you on any medications?
How long has it been like that?
how are you
what about any illnesses
Any new illnesses?
Are there any other medications you are currently taking?
are you up to date on your vaccinations
Mr. Wilkins, what brings you in today?
How about any illicit drugs?
I could imagine that being an issue for you. We'll address that more in a few mintues. Is there anything else that you want to talk about today?
What is your chief complaint today
I will do my best to help you
And how has this pain been affecting your daily life? 
Does anything help with the pain?
Is there anything you use for the pain?
Today we have about 15 minutes today, so I want to continue to discuss you rporblem
How much do you take?
Moving on to your family. Are you parents alive?
I am only asking to know more about you!
Do you have any family history of chronic diseases?
Great, how are you Mr. Wilkins?
How much ibuprofen do you take?
okay great. do you have children 
DO you smoke?
Has anything like this happened before?
Is your pain sharp or dull?
Is the pain dull, sharp, or burning?
Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Hopefully we can get this taken care of soon
Do your parents have any serious health concerns?
Any past injuries or accidents?
Do you have any chronic health conditions?
Are you sexually active 
Have you taken anything else?
We're going to have about 10 minutes with each other. Is there anything else bothering you today?
Do you have any other symptoms besides the pain?
Headaches?
do you have bouts of the pain or is it chronic?
is it the kind of pain you could point to with one fingure?
Do you take any medicine?
But you said it was more than usual. When did this more frequent urination begin?
Does anything make the pain better?
do you use tobacco products
Okay great.
Is there anything else you wanted to talk about during this visit?
did you have any childhood illnesses?
did the pain start immediately after lifting?
how are you
On a scale of 1-10, 10 being the worst pain of your life what can you score the the pain?
are your mothers parents still living 
Do you have any medical issues?
I am sorry. Did any of your grandparents suffer any chronic illneses?
Hi, welcome Mr. Wilkins. What brings you in today?
have you had issues with your prostate?
Are you involved in any groups?
hello, my name is dai. What brings you in today?
can you tell me more about the back pain?
where is the pain located
On a scale of 1-10, 10 being the worst pain imaginable, how bad is it?
hello, how are you?
Are you religious?
DO you have any allergies?
That must be terrible. How is that affecting you day to day?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Okay, well that finishes up my questions. Do you have any other concerns?
Do they have any medical problems?
Any history of back pain?
What were you doing when your back started hurting?
sounds good let me review with my supervisor any other concerns today sir
Are you exposed to any fumes or chemical at work?
Any other issues?
Are you physically active?
Nice to meet you.  We have about 15 minutes together today to talk
Have you ever been hospitalized?
Are you active sexually?
Do you feel safe where you live?
Can you describe the color of the urine?
are you currently sexual active?
Please tell me more about frequent urination.
What do you do for entertainment?
But that has not really been helping?
do you use illegal drugs
Hello Mr. Wilkins. My name is Tori, I'm a first-year medical student working on your case. How are you today
besides work what other activities do you do
How long has your back hurt?
Have you ever used a back brace?
How's your diet?
I am sorry to hear that. Is that what brought you in today?
muscle weakness
what is your form of employment?
does anything make it better?
what do you do for fun
Are you sexually active?
who do you live with
are you taking any other medications
any non prescribed medicines 
Hello Mr. Wilkins. Welcome. I'm Zahir and I'll be part of your care team today.
Have you ever been prescribed medication before?
do you use illegal drugs
I'm sure you want to get back to your previous productivity. Let me just ask a few more questions about your back pain.
Is it worse in the morning or evening?
What brings you in today?
does the pain get worse at night or in the morning
Does anything make it better?
What part of your back?
So the back pain must make that difficult. I'm sorry to hear that.
What questions do you have for me?
Can you tell me about your grandparents/
I am sorry to hear that.  I can imagine that is stressful.  Can you tell me a little bit more about the back pain
How long have you had the pain?
do you mind if i call you jim
Is it a constant pain?
You told me you're a mechanic, right?
Do you take any other medications
Is this pain different from that?
How would you describe your back pain?
Can you tell me how many partners you've had in the past twelve months?
Where on your lower back? 
When you have had sex, do you use protection?
do you exercise
Do you have any questions for me?
Do you participate in any activities outside of work?
Do you smoke?
Okay, so let's talk more about the back pain and urination. Can you tell me more about both?
So it is just a sharp pain all the time?
Hmm, and has it changed?
Okay, on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the worse pain you've ever felt, what would you rate your pain when you bend down?
So to summarize, your back pain started a few days ago when you bent down to lift a couch, and you haven't been able to work because of it
 My name Jack and I am a medical student. May I have your name and DOB?
I understand. How would you describe this pain?
Do you have any allergies to medication, food, or environmental material?
do you smoke
do you have any medical problems?
Where on your back is the pain located?
Do you have any one special in your life?
Have you ever gone to therapy?
Do you have any past injuries, accidents or hospitalizations? 
Has it improved since then?
Does it radiate up or down to other parts of your body?
Do you have any allergic reactions?
Any stress in your life?
good. have you hurt your back before?
All right. I would like you to take an x-ray and we can further discuss about it.How do you think?
what where you doing when it began?
has anything made it better
can you point to the pain
have you ever felt helpless or depressed
have you ever had a kidney stone
How old are your parents?
Where on your lower back do you feel pain
where is the pain
what do you do for work?
do you do any heavy lifting at work
So besides your back you are feeling ok?
Did you get a tetanus shot with your stitches?
anything else or any creams?
I would also like to ask you a few questions we ask of our new patients.
can you paint a picture of what your day is like with this pain
How old were they?
so the pain is sharp?
Does urinating burn or cause pain
on a scale from 1-10 how bad does it hurt? 10 is the highest
What do you do for a job
What kind of work do you do? 
do you smoke?
what would you rate the pain on a scale of 1 to 10
Have you noticed if anything in particular makes the pain worse?
how is your diet
Do you have a family history of any illnesses
did you take any medication for the pain
I'm sorry to hear that! That sounds really painful!
can you rate the pain
I'm sorry to hear about your back pain. Can you tell me more about it?
why do you think you are urinating?
Do you smoke?
When you urinate more frequently, would you say you are urinating a normal amount?
how much ibuprofen do you take
Have you had any heart problems in the past?
It's nice to see you too.  What brings you in today?
are you taking any medication
How about hospitalizations?
Okay, are you doing anything else to treat it?
do you have someone special in your life?
Is the pain still sharp? or is it dull?
Do you suffer from any chronic illness?
Have you ever had any surgeries
can you rate the pain
How old are you?
When youi twist, does the pain intensify?
Good, I think that's a great decision
Nothing for your prostate?
are your parents healthy
Tell me more about this?
Is it only in your back or does it spread elsewhere?
That does sound awful, I'm sorry. Can I hear more about your back pain?
Have you used marijuana or any street drugs?
Any past hospitalizations?
Any other drugs?
okay. how is your home life?
Could you tell me about your general state of health beside this pain?
ok, do you take any regular medications?
how often do you get this pain
where is the pain
Does it hurt anywhere else?
are you taking any medication
Okay, we will move on. What importance does faith play in your life?
Do you have exposure to fumes or loud noises at work?
Is there history of back pain?
Do you smoke or take any illicit drugs?
did either your mother or father have back problems
How would you describe the pain?
drink?
Do you take any medications?
How's your family doing?
Great, and any history of drug or substance use?
And how old are you?
So when did that happen?
How are things at home?
Okay. Do you have any siblings?
okay great, have you ever had any injuries before?
and can you describe the pain for me
Do you have sex regularly?
Do you have any idea of what may have brought this on?
How would you describe the pain?
tell me about your grandparents
can you rate the pain
That is good. Do you exercise regularly?
what do you do for work
Okay I'm going to ask you some personal questions now that will help me take the best care of you possible
Are you attracted to men, women, or both?
and are you doing a lot of ending over and lifting?
how severe is the pain
How is your home life?
Could you tell me a bit about your living situation?
any other problems
Okay thanks. Do you remember anything about the health of your grandparents?
Has it been consistent since then?
Do you feel safe at home?
Have you had surgery before?
I am sorry to hear that.
do you use illegal drugs
Do you have any more questions for me?
have you taken recreational drugs
Any surgeries or chronic conditions I should know about?
Did you have sex with men, women, or both?
What do you do for your job?
Do you know anything about why they passed away?
Do you have any chronic conditions?
What is your profession?
Thank you for that information.
Have you experienced anything like this before?
Do you have a fmaily history of any diseases?
Any vitamins or supplements?
It sounds like a really tough experience, and I'm glad you're sharing this with me.
How long have you been feeling this pain?
So back pain after lifting a couch about four to five days ago.
Has any of your family member had back pain?
Okay, other than tylenol, does anything lessen the pain/
Any diabetes? hypertension? cardiac problems?
Hello Mr. Wilkins. Can you verify your name and DOB?
I'll go get your physician and come right back
Have you had any serious illnesses?
What makes the pain better?
Do you have a family history of heart disease?
Are you a religious person?
Have you hurt your back before?
Wow, thank you for sharing with me. Are you having any other symptoms besides pain?
I'm going to speak with your doctor now, and we'll be back to talk about some treatment options.  Hopefully we'll get this figured out and we'll get you back to work!
Do you have any siblings?
I see. What's your job like?
What do you do for work?
Do you have a spouse?
Do you live alone?
do you smoke
What do you do in your spare time besides work?
who do you live with?>
Do you like to exercise?
Do you have any children?
How about exercise?
Okay,I'm sure that must be painful. Is there anything else that is bothering you today?
How bad is your pain?
Yeah. Thanks for explaining a little more about your back pain to me. Let's gtet some information on your past medical history.
What about any childhood illnesses?
Let us start with the back pain. Can you tell me a little more about it?
and no children?
Can you describe the pain?
can you rate the pain
Did you receive any blunt trauma to your back?
Okay. What are some of your hobbies?
How would you rate the pain 1-10?
Is there anything else you want to tell me about the back pain?
Any prescription medicines?
Can you tell me more about this back pain?
Does anything make it better?
How long has the problem with your urination beein going on?
any family history of illness
Alcohol?
Does anyone live at home with you? 
Now, you said you lived alone but were close with your friends. Have you ever been previously married?
Okay, who lives at home with you?
How has this been interfering with your daily life?
Are you taking any other medication?
can you rate the pain
You've never smoked before, then?
And no known illness runs in the family?
Are you currently taking any herbal medications?
Okay, great. Are you up to date with your immunizations?
Do you practice health safety like wear your seatbelt and have a smoke detector?
Do you have a family history of back pain?
Great. Now I'd like to get more details on your back pain
hello
are your parents living
Were you injured at work
How long have you had the pain?
Did this pain happen all at once or did it come on slowly when you were lifting the couch?
Do you have a girlfriend?
Let's move on to your medical history
do you use illegal drugs
That sounds very painful. Before we address this, is there anything else?
Okay, are you currently sexually active?
lower back alright. have you tried anthing to help relieve your pain
Can you tell me more about your frequent urination?
Have you been sexually active in the past?
what were you doing
Can you describe the pain for me?
Guns do have some associated risk, I'm just asking to see if you own a gun and if so, how you take care of it or store it
Okay, and where exactly on your back does it hurt?
Do you drink?
How long ago did your back start hurting?
Is the gun locked and unloaded?
Do you have any history of diabetes?
when did the back pain start
Okay when did this happen?
So no surgeries?
In the past, have you been hospitalized?
now im going to ask some questions about your social history. where do you live?
Do you like women?
Do you have a partner? 
I see. I am sure that doesn't make your ability to function each day easy. Can you describe the pain for me, please? 
are you having any problems in your sex life
What are some things that make it better?
Do you normally have a cup of coffee every morning?
I understand that. do you have any allergies?
Does anyone in your family smoke?
have a good day
Ok, just some more questions to get to know you better.
Can you describe the type of pain?
Does it impair your work?
?
Could you point to where on your back the pain is coming from?
Are you sexually active?
Did the pain increase over time?
Verify your date of birth
I'm glad to hear that. A couple more questions about the back pain. On a scale of 1 to 10 how bad would you say the pain is?
And have you tried Tylenol for this pain as well?
Nevermind. I understand you're here for some back pain. I'll have you tell me about that first, thenI have some questions about your family history and past medical history. Is there anything else you would like to speek to me about today?
Okay, now I'm going to ask some questions about your medical history
Have you had injuries in the past?
any chronic illness in the family
do you use any illegal drugs
have you been active in the past
ok, are you sexually active?
How long ago was it that you were moving things?
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much does it hurt?
How long have you owned your business?
Did it just occur?
I am sorry. On a scale of 1-10 how bad is your pain?
Can you tell me more about your pain?
how many hours each week ddo you work?
Are you sexually active?
Anything else?
Are your siblings healthy?
anything else?
are you taking any medication
Have you ever been hospitalized?
Do you know what dose?
When did you start taking Saw Palmetto?
On a scale from 1 - 10 
Okay, anything else you want to talk about today?
and how would you rate the pain on a scale 1-10
Do you use illegal drugs such as cocaine?
Alright. Let's talk about your parents. Are they both still living?
Are you parents healthy? 
In addition to ibuprofen, do you do anything to treat the pain?
Okay great. Hows your diet?
Do you exercise?
have you ever hurt your back before?
Hello Mr. Wilkins. My name is Sydney Fobare, and I am a medical student
Is there anything else?
First I want to get a list of your concerns. Is there anything that you would like to talk about?
Before we start, is there anything else you want to talk about today?
HI what brings you here today?
Alright - I think we have the info we need for your back pain and frequent urination. 
do any diseases run in your family?
How much ibuprofen do you take and how often?
Okay. And do yu have chidren?
Great. Are you currently in a relationship?
Are you using marijuana, cocaine, or heroine?
How is your social life in general?
Is the pain constant?
What about cancer?
And it was 4 or 5 days ago that you were helping your friend move?
Do you have any allergies?
Have you ever smoked?
is there anything that makes it worse
Do you have any siblings?
are you taking any medication
Where is the pain?
can you rate the pain
Okay. Have you ever been married?
This sounds like a really difficulty situation
any prescription medication
When did your back pain begin
200 mg of ibuprofen. And how frequently are you taking that?
Is the pain only in your back?
do any diseases run in your family?
I'm sorry to hear that, let's see what we can do for you
what were you doing when you first noticed it
do you use recreational drugs?
What do you do for work?
How is work going?
where specifically on your back do you feel pain?
Before we talk about that, is there anything else concerning you today?
how does that make you feel
Have you ever been in an accident?
Do you have a good support system?
Has your pain become worse over time 
When did you first notice the pain?
I'm sorry to hear that. Tell me more about this back pain.
what do you do for fun
Do you ever feel depressed or think about hurting yourself?
How old are they?
Well Mr. Wilkins, we have 10 minutes to talk about your back pain today. Is there anything else that you would like to discuss?
Do you enjoy the work?
Does anyone else live at home?
Do you do drugs
Is it a stinging pain?
Redness or tenderness?
do you have any allergies?
Have you had sex in the past?
on a scale of 1-10, 10 beng take me to the ER, what number would you give ?
how is home
What brings you in today?
I'm sorry to hear that your back is stopping you from doing your job
do you use illegal drugs
has this happened before
Have you been sexually active in the past 6 months?
yes, it is definitely a scary path to go down. do you have any other concerns?
Do you smoke?
can you rate the pain
hello how are you
where is the pain
do you use any drugs?
Can you describe the pain?
do you have any allergies
Do you have pain anywhere else?
does the pain radiate anywhere
It is very good that you are willing to look after your health
Do you take any other medications?
?
Do you smoke?
Are you experiencing any vision problems?
how often do you take ibuprofen
how old are they 
Good. Are your parents alive?
And do they have any chronic diseases
Okay, I understand. Have you been sexually active in the past?
where is the pain
Have you tried anything to relieve the pain?
Let's talk about your family life.
Where does your back hurt?
What is your marital status?
Do you like men?
I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything that makes the pain worse?
When did this occur?
Any surgeries?
Has your mother had any past medical conditions?
so it sounds like work is a good stress releaver for you
We have about 15 minutes together, and I will be asking you some questions to get to know you better
Is there anything that makes the pain worse?
On a scale of one to ten, how bad would you say that the pain is?
where is the pain located
May I begin by asking what brought you in today? 
So its a lower back pain, dull ache that started 4 days ago?
Are you depressed?
Are you currently employed?
That must really be affecting your life, hopefully we will be able to figure out what is going on. Before we start I jsut wanted to let you know that I will start by taking a history of present illness, then a past medical history, then a family hisotry, and finally a physcosocial anlaysis. This should take about 15 mins. DAre you ok with this plan?
Now I want to transition to your home life. Do you live with anyone?
Is your pain better or worse at night?
does it hurt when you lay down or stand up?
Have you ever had surgery on your back?
How is your activity level?
are your parents living?
Are you currently taking any medications?
Okay. Are you taking any other medications for your back pain?
How long has it been like that?
Ok, we will take a look at it during the physcial exam
Can you tell me a little bit about your dad's medical history?
how does the pain affect your daily life
Okay, I'm going to ask you a few questions about your family history.
Are you mother and father still alive?
do you need a note for work
Have you ever been hospitalized?
Great. Any allergies?
Do you feel safe?
Have you ever tried any street drugs?
What were you doing when the pain started
Have you been significantly sick or injured in the past?
and better?
OKay great. Let's start with the urination. How many times have you been going per day?
Do you smoke?
how else would you describe the pain
Hello Mr. Wilkins
what other medications are you taking?
have you had a prostate exam?
And I assume your back pain has been keeping you from working?
Hell Mr. Wilkins what brings you in today
I'm sorry, that must be very stressfull. And have you taken any medication?
Are you up to date on your immunizations?
can you describe the pain
what is the saw palmetto?
Thank you for your time! I'll take these to the doctor
Is there anything that makes it better or worse?
HOw has your day been?
How old are you?
Does either of them have any medical issues?
Can you describe how it felt when you lifted the couch?
Do you have any other concerns?
Have you used a back brace before?
Do you have any allergies?
Is everything all right?
Have you been treated for any chronic conditions?
Any aspirin?
what about grandparents
Oh, you take ibuprofen? How often do you take it
Hi, what brings you into today Jim?
How has the pain impacted your ability to work and overall lifestyle?
Ok is there anything else you want to tell me about your back pain?
anything else?
Have you taken any other medication?
Are you currently sexually active?
How is this pain affecting you day to day?
That's great to hear. Have you ever used tobacco, in any form?
have you had back pain before
Are you having any problems with your sexual life you want to address?
Is there anything that you do that makes the pain worse?
How often do you have to urinate?
You mentioned more frequent urination. Tell me about that.
Do you excerise?
Do you have pain anywhere else?
I imagine that must be frustrating
are you taking any medication
I understand, I feel the same way. You said you've never had any past medical issues. Any surgeries?
Are there any additional concerns besides the back pain?
So your back pain started four to five days ago when you bent down to lift a couch for a friend
Thank you for telling me all of this. I will let th edoctor know.
Hi Mr. Wilkins. My name is Olivia Crowe and I am a medical student. 
Tell me about your sexuality.
Have you had any back surgery?
Ibuprofen isn't helping... alright, is there anything that makes the pain worse?
How much ibuprofen are you taking
And when did it start?
Have you ever had problems with sexual activity in the past?
you are unable to do your job from teh pain and the ibuprofen helps, but doesn't competly remove the pain
do you drink coffee
that sounds like it must be really interfering with your daily life then!
What is your job?
So tell me more about this back pain.
What do you do for work?
ok so no major surgeries either i take it
Hello, how are you doing today?
Does any other part of your body hurt?
Hello Mr. Wilkins! My name is Sydney Fobare and I am a medical student
Any other concerns?
Tell me about the stress in your life.
Have you ever had any surgeries 
Good to hear.
where is the pain
are you taking any medication
I am sorry to hear that. Can you tell me more about the back pain?
Could you rate the pain on a scale of 1-10
Are there any other symptoms impacting you?
what else do you do everyday?
Does anything make it better?
Do you do anything else to make it better or worse?
Are you taking any medications currently?
Have you ever been hospitalized?
are you in a relationship
are you currently taking any medications?
did you have any childhood illness
Tell me more about your back pain
So when did that back pain start?
Does the pain spread or is it mainly just in your lower back?
any additional stressors at work or home?
Would you say you are a religious or spiritual person?
Hello, were you able to get here ok?
Can you rate the pain on a scale of 1-10?
Has the injury impacted your daily life?
Do you have sexual relations with men or women?
do you use illegal drugs
I agree. Can't stand it. So, do you exercise?
Do you take any herbal medications?
Are you up to date on your vaccinations?
okay now im going to ask you some personal questions about your life
how severe is the pain?
What happened after you hurt your back?
How does it make you feel?
That's great to hear. Have they ever been diagnosed with anything?
what were you doing when the pain started
Do you ever get stressed?
Can I please get your name and date of birth?
Can you tell me a little more about that?
Oh no! I'm so sorry about that! I definitely want to address that, but before we talk. Is there anythinge lse wrong?
Hello Mr. Wilkins, how are you doing today?
Have you ever had back pain like this before?
What brings you in today?
what allergic reaction do you get 
Is the pain deep or superficial?
Wow, that sounds like it is making your life very difficult. When did the pain begin?
OK. did these both start at the same time?
Ok, and when did this dull pain start?
Why don't you know much about your grandparents?
Have you ever had an STD?
We will get to the bottom of your back pain together
Did it start immediately when you lifted the couch?
none
are your parents still with us?
Is there anything that makes the back pain worse?
I understand. Have you ever experienced pain like this before?
How would you say your general healt is, except for your current back?
How would you rate the pain 1-10
did you injure yourself at work
Is the urination painful? Is there blood?
has this happened before?
ok I will let the doctor know and we will come back in to have a look
Okay, now I'm going to do a general overview of your history, just to get an idea of your health. Is that okay?
Any pets?
do you have any siblings
Caffeine?
It doesn't get better with ibuprofen and is normally at a 7.
Do you use non-prescription drugs?
can you rate the pain
Im sorry you have been going throug hthis
I'm glad you were able to come in so soon. Where exactly in your low back is it?
Thank you.
Any other medications?
Have you ever stayed in a hospital over night?
Have either of them been diagnosed with any diseases?
Have you ever smoked?
I want to know about any diseases that may run in your family
does that require alot of lifting?
ok. Can you rate your pain level, on a scale from 1-10?
do you have any allergies
We are going to address that pain but do you have any other concerns?
Does it stay in your lower back or does it radiate anywhere?
Okay, and are you sexually active?
Yes it is, but we will make the most of it
has anyone in your family had any major medical issues?
Thank you
Do you have any other medical conditions?
Have you ever had this type of back pain before?
how does that makek you feel?
what is yur diet like
Can you tell me why you avpid the hospital
do you smoke
Does it ever get worse than a 7?
What does the pain feel like?
Has this impacted your life outside of work?
any other symptoms
do you use illegal drugs
What brings you in today?
Are you concerned about the frequent urination
Okay, so you're telling me it's a dull ache in your back that started four or five days ago. Ibuprofen doesn't help much, but bending and moving around makes it feel a lot worse. Is that right?
Have you tried heat or cold therapy?
What is your some life like?
taking any medications
can you rate the pain
tell me more about your back pain
Hi thanks for coming in, how are you?
Ok have you ever been to the hospital?
Do you do any cold compresses for your back?
How long has this bothered you?
How is the health of your parents
anything similiar to this happen in the past?
Did it begin suddenly while lifting the couch? Or gradually?
Have you ever had any surgeries?
Do you have a family history of any kind of meidcal problems?
What healthy foods do you try to eat?
Do you take any drugs?
When did this happen?
Does work negatively impact your health?
Can you describe the pain?
difficulty swallowing
any nausea or headaches
I'm sure having this back pain must make that really difficult, but I hope by the end of this appointment we can make it a little better
What hobbies do you have
When do you take Saw Palmento?
ok can you tell me about where it hurts
I hope so too. Do you know if you are up to date on all your immunizations?
does anything else make it worse?
Does it spread at all to other parts of your body?
Have you tried doing anything to make it feel better?
are you taking any medication
When did this begin?
Tell me about the car accidents
do you live alone?
What makes the pain better?
Do you have any family history of prostate cancer?
That does sound awful.  Could you please tell me more about the back pain?
Okay. Can you tell me a bit about you family?
Tell me more about what your back pain is like.
Who do you talk to for support?
any family history of illness
DO you have any children?
Oh. I'm so sorry to hear about that. It sounds awful
do you use safe practices
have you been waking up to use the bathroom
Do you take any vitamins, herbal remedies, or supplements?
I'm very sorry to heart that, that must be frustrating.
How many sexual partners have you had in your life?
So it began when you bent down to lift a heavy couch
Do you smoke?
Have you had any surgeries?
what is your past medical history
Okay great. Do you drink?
do you smoke cigarettes
Hi Mr. Wilkins, my name is Jessica, and I am a medical student working with your care tieam.
are you current on vaccinations
What dose?
has the pain increased over time
How are your grandparent's health
Is there anything that makes your pain worsen?
Again, I'm sorry about your back pain. I want to talk more about it. Is there anything else you want to talk aobut too?
What makes it worse?
Ok, has anyone in your family ever complained of similar back pain?
Have you had a colonoscopy?
Has it gotten worse?
Alright. I think I have just about everything. Let me summarize to make sure that I got everything down correctly.
Who lives at home with you?
Did I get that right?
Is there anything that makes it better?
Did you use protection?
Are you married?
Okay, well that finishes up my questions. Do you have any other concerns?
Okay. How long have you had your back pain?
So when did that happen?
How often does it flare up each day?
Okay. I have a few more questions I have to ask all of my patients just to help understand your medical history. Have you used any drugs including illicit drugs in the past?
I'm so sorry about that! Are you having any other problems?
are you working?
when did the pain start
Okay, great. Are your immunizations up to date?
Did you ever have surgery?
So What brings you in today?
I am just trying to get an idea of how safe you feel at work and at home.
I am so sorry. That must be painful and frustrating. is there anything else you want to discuss?
Are you generally happy?
Are you sexually active?
Is there anything else bothering you today?
Do you live along?
Have you ever been hospitalized
what is your past medical history
do you drink
Okay, thank you for telling me more. 
do you have any siblings 
Okay. Now, Mr. Wilkins, how often do you drink alcohol?
are you currently taking any medications?
Hello Mr. Wilkins. What brings you in today?
Can you confirm your first and last name for me?
but more so than normal 
Do your parents have any history of illness?
Is the pain localized? Or is it somewhat diffuse?
Have you experienced anything like this before?
do you use illegal drugs
Is the pain constant or does it come and go
Have you ever had thoughts about hurting yourself or others?
anything else?
Have you felt depressed?
Where exactly was it?
Okay, and have you ever felt that this drinking was a problem or something you would like to reduce?
A sharp pain just a few days ago. Can you describe the pain a bit more for me?
Was there anything that made you wait to see a Doctor?
are you generally healthy
Do you have any children?
Could you quantify the pain from 1 to 10?
Okay, I'm going to ask you about your past history to get a better understanding abut your health
Are you concerned about your prostate health
Okay, what else is important for me to know about this back pain?
When did you start having difficulties urinating?
has this affect your day to day life in anyway
Do you consider yourself to be a religious person?
Anything make the pain worse 
What were you doing?
Is there anything else you would like to talk about today?
do you smoke
That's great to hear
can you think of any reason that this pain started?
What about anyone in your family?
Does it hurt throughout the day or come in waves
Any family history of back pain?
How many hours of sleep do you generally get?
Do you live with anyone?
Could you tell me more about your back pain?
do you have any allergies
Is there anything that makes it worse?
Okay, now I'm going to ask some questions about your medical history
okay so I am going to ask you some questions to get to know you better if that is okay
does anything make it worse
I'm very sorry to hear that you're having back pain. 
What brings you in today?
do you exercise
how much ibuprofen do you take
alcohol?
Do you exercise?
can you rate the pain
do you have biological siblings?
Great, and I have to ask all of my patients, are there any other drugs you like using?
Can you describe the pain
besides the back is there anything else you want to address today?
Redness or tenderness?
Are you currently taking any medications? Besides ibuprofen
Good afternoon Mr. Wilkins
okay and then how are things at home>
Have you ever been hospitalized before?
Are you taking any medications currentlly?
when did the frequent urination start
Can you tell me why you avoid hospitals?
Alright. I will make sure to save time for that. Anything else?
Does the pain occur constantly? 
Who is at home with you?
does it radiate
That does not sound good! We will definitely discuss that but before we do, is there anything else that you's like to talk about today?
anything else?
Are there things that makes your pain better or worse?
On a scale of 1 to 10 how bad would you rate your pain
anything that releives it?
OKay. And does anything make the back pain worse?
If you had to rate the pain on a scale of 1-10 with 1 being mild and 10 being the worst pain you've ever had, what woudl you say?
I understand. Let's move on to your medical history
Did you have any major illnesses when your were a child?
Were your sexual encounters with men, women, or both?
I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me more about about your back pain?
has the pain changed over time?
Do you have any reactions to any drugs or medication?
Ok. Any use of drugs or alcohol?
ok, does the pain radiate to any other areas?
About how many drinks per week would you say you drink?
Is there anything that makes the pain better or worse?
when did the frequent urination start
do you do drugs or alcohol
on a scale of one to ten, how bad is the pain?
Could you tell me any health problems that any siblings may have?
Do you have any children?
Any other medical history
Have you tried anything else?
We will do our best to get you feeling better. Is there anything else you want to discuss today?
Is the pain making it difficult for you to work?
can you rate the pain
I completely understand. Let me ask you a bit more about your health. Have you ever had any major illnesses?
Okay great. Have you had any accidents or injuries?
What dosage of ibuprofen?
does anything help make it worse
Are you working today?
Do you smoke at all?
Any allergies?
Does it hurt to urinate?
okay thanks
Can you show me where the pain is?
Okay. Do you do any drugs?
Any sensory problems?
Why do you take it?
have you been hospitalised before
Ok we will talk about your back pain first then get to your more frequent urination. Ok?
Is there anything that makes it worse?
Does it interfere with your daily activities at all?
Could you describe the pain a bit more for me?
What about your cholesterol?
Are you up to date on your immunizations?
Just your back, that's good. And can you rate the pain for me?
Tell me more.
Now I am going to ask some questions that we ask all our patients, to get a good understanding of your social life. Do you currently use or have you used drugs in the past?
Do you drink alcohol? 
what do you think caused the pain
You seem nervous, is everything alright? 
is there anything in your life that stresses you out
is it worse with movement?
Does it hurt in the morning?
Do you smoke or drink?
Do you have any children?
Urinating problems?
Does anything make it better?
Do you drink?
Hi Jim, why did you come in today?
OK. 
How much ibuprofen did you take?
Are you on any medications?
Do you feel supported by your friends and family?
Has anyone in your family had back pain
Do you drink alcohol?
Any alcohol use?
Well I'm glad you came in to see us today.
Okay, can you tell me when it begain?
do you prefer men or women
What where you doing when you first noticed the pain?
Do you remeber what may have started it?
Ok, do you have any siblings?
Is there any specific type of movement, twisting, bending, walking, etc., that makes it worse?
Ok. When did this happen?
Could you point to the exact location of the pain on your lower back?
You have a dull lower back pain that started a few days ago after helping your friend move.
Good. What do you like to do for fun?
can you describe the pain
What do you think caused it?
how is home
Could you describe your pain to me?
Have you had sexual intercourse in the past year?
Alright, well we're going to discuss your back pain and urinary frequency and we'll develop a plan. I'll be back in soon.
ok. well i think that covers everything
Have you had a colonoscopy?
how long ago
Hi Jim
And has it been constant ever since?
We will do our best! It was nice to meet you
when did the pain start
Does this affect you at work?
How else does it effect your daily life?
Have you been taking anything for the pain?
Do you smoke?
does it hurt to go?
Me too. How are you doing?
Very good.
Do you have any allergies?
Is there anything that makes it better?
How severe is it?
Do you drink alcohol?
Are you married?
do you have any allergies
where do you work
Is there any pain associated wit the urination?
Is your mood any different from usual?
how long has this been going on
any prescription medication
Just for your back pain
Is there anything else you can tell me about it?
I understand; I'm going to get a better idea of you as my patient. Do you have any other medical issues?
anything other medication?
Do you have any siblings?
How much do you take?
okay and now I just want to gather some information about you family medical history
I'm very sorry to hear about that, can you tell me a little bit more about the pain?
Do you have any other jobs?
Do you feel like the pain interferes with your daily life?
do you use illegal drugs
any siblings?
The increase in urination, has that been affecting you?
family history
I'm glad to see you too. I see that you're here today about back pain
I see. Ouch. Anything else?
Has it been a constant pain or more come and go?
Are you happy?
Family?
how is home
Where exactly does it hurt
Do you have any siblings?
How long have you had the pain?
do you feel sad or depressed
Why do you take Saw palmetto?
do you use illegal drugs
what about duration? 
are you taking any medication
Are you experiencing any burning or stinging when  you urinate?
When did this happen?
Do you like your job?
No prescriptions?
Do you have a spouse or significant other?
How is the back pain interfering with your day to day life?
Have you had any bad reactions to medications?
Can you describe the paijn?
Okay. anything else?
What do you do for exercise?
I have about 10 minutes with you today. I first want to get a list of things that you want to talk about
When did this start
Does anything look physically different on your back from normal?
how much ibuprofen
Do you have any hospitaliations?
When did your back pain start?
Is there anything that triggers it?
alright mr. wilkins, im going to ask you a few more questions now. i ask them of all my patients
do you use illegal drugs
Ok, I see how that would prevent you from working.
Do you have any siblings?
how often do you take that
how long have you lived alone
Okay. How many sexual partners have you had?
have you tried anything for it?
What about when your lying?
do any illnesses run in the family
do you have support
How is your stress level?
Have you experienced any back pain while working on cars?
okay. have you ever been hosptialized?
Did you have a bad experience at a hospital?
Does the pain spread?
what is your religious preference
Do you know what condition they had effected their health?
Now we will move on to the past medical history
Thank you for talking with me today. We'll get to the bottom of this and hopefully help you feel better
How badly does it hurt?
Do you have any allergies to medications
Does it hurt more when you bend or perform other movements?
nausea or dizziness
any living family members?
Okay, also good. Concerning alcohol, how often would you say you consume alcohol?
Have you ever gone to therapy for mental or other issues?
Can you describe the type of pain?
now im going to ask some specific questions. is it localized there or move to other areas?
are you currently romantically involved with anyone
are you sexually active
Ok lets figure out how to help your back pain
is there anything else?
Do you have a family history of high blood pressure?
Could you rate on a scale of 1-10?
Now I'm going to ask you some more personal questions to try to get a better picture of your overall health. Would that be okay?
I am sorry to hear that. Could you tell me more about this back pain you are having?
does anything help make the pain better
have you been hospitalized for anything
What do you do for work?
Is the pain affecting your daily life?
What kind of a pain is it?
do you smoke
Is the pain worse when you do certain activities?
Is there anything that makes the pain worse?
Do any aunts or uncles have illness?
are you taking any medication
is there anything else you want to talk about?
It looks like you have been having some back pain. Can you tell me about it?
I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me more?
can you tell me more about your back pain?
Are you parents living? 
Ok, we will address your back pain, is there anything else you would like to discuss today?
How is this affecting your relationships with your coworkers?
Great. So these are standard questions we like to ask everybody to get to know them better, so please know they are not ment to ostrizie you in any way or single you out. We're a team here, so plase answer to the best of your ability, okay?
Do you have children?
Have you noticed any other symptoms?
can you rate the pain
Well I'm glad you came in to see us today.
anyhting that makse it better
What about urination?
Do you have any family members?
are you sexually active?
Have you had any illnesses before?
Does it radiate?
I'll ask a few more general questions about your past history too 
drugs?
Ok, well I will give this information to the attending. It was a pleasure getting to know you, Mr. Wilkins
hello
How are you mood these days?
do you have any siblings?
Have you had any thoughts of suicide recently?
do you have any allergies
Does your pain radiate?
ok. THank you.
Can you tell me about your back pain?
are you current on vaccinations
Can you tell me more about the frequent urination?
Are there particular times you notice the urination being worse or better?
How long has it been hurting you?
is your family healthy for the most part?
Have you ever gone to psychiatric therapy?
when did this occur?
Great. Let's start by talking about your back pain. Can you tell me more about the back pain?
I understand. You also mentioned an increased need to urinate?
tell me about your grandparents
Are you seeing anybody?
Have you tried any medications to help with the pain?
What about any immunizations?
What type of movements?
Okay, you've been urinating more frequently and have back pain. anything else?
Have you had any past surgeries?
Tell me more about this pain
what are you currently doing for treatment
How is your mood?
Have you ever felt hopeless or depressed?
Is it a shooting pain?
is there anything that makes it better
This will take about 10-15 minutes and I just want to get some of you medical histo
How long has it been hurting?
What stressed you out?
I have some questions about your past medical history.
Ok. Can you show me on your body where it hurts?
do you have a significant other
Are there certain times of the day when it hurts more?
can you point to the pain
can you tell me more about your back pain?
are you sure
Hi Mr. Wilkins, what can I help you with today?
Did you catch the Buckeyes over the weekend?
That must be frustrating. Is there anything else you'd like to discuss today besides your back pain?
any headaches
You describe a dull ache, does the pain change ever?
Do you have any children?
Have you had any serious injuries?
Any other medicines?
Are you currently taking any medication?
That's all the time we have for now
We should try and get some exercise in there after we resolve your back pain so that we can strengthen your back muscles!
Anything you do that makes it better or worse?
Do they have any illnesses?
When did this occur?
I am sorry to hear that. Is there anything else?
Why do you take saw palmetto?
Can you tell me more about that?
ok, we will cover that too. I will also ask you some standard history questions we ask all of our patients
That must be difficult financially
can you rate the pain
any medical problems in your parents?
what about current medications
What does you back feel like?
do you use illegal drugs
good, what kind of work do you do?
Do you wear a seatbelt
is there anything that makes it wrose?
You mentioned that you work on cars, is that your employment?
Okay Mr, Wilkins, I'm going to ask you some questions about your family medical history now.
what makes the pain worse
Do you know how frequent and what dose is your medication?
Is there anything else of note when you are urinating?
Is there anything that is making it worse?
Does your pain get worse when you bend down?
Do you have any children?
How are your parents?
Excellent. Do you do drugs?
What brings you in to see me today?
Does the pain radiate elsewhere?
When did this start
Ok, well I will take this information to the medical team and we will back to talk about treatment with you soon 
Have you been sexually active in past relationships?
Does the pain spread at all?
What does the pain feel like?
have you had any surgeries?
Hello!
Any other activities?
We'll do our best. I'll take these notes back to the doctor and see if we can get you back to work soon.
do you prefer men or women
Hi Jim why did you come today
do you have any allergies
Are your parents living
I'd like you to start eating more fruits and vegetables
are your parents healthy
Do you prefer men, women, or both?
Do you have pain anywhere else?
I will be working as part of your medical team today
Tell me all about the pain
are you in a relationship?
OK, well I'm happy to hear you have not been in the hospital before
do you have any allergies
Is it any different than usual after your back pain started?
do you use illegal drugs
Is there anything else you would like to talk about today?
Do you know when they died or how
I am going to ask you some more questions. Is that okay?
how often do you take it
Is the pain any worse or better at night
Could you describe the pain for me?
do you have any trouble sleeping
Anything else about the pain?
and are you sexually active?
Hello Mr. Wilkins, my name is Courtney and I am a medical student. How are you doing today
Hi Mr. Watkins.  My name is Allison Akers and I am the medical student working with the attending today.  How are you doing today?
are you current on vaccinations
do you use illegal drugs
do you have any allergies
I will go out and get the Doctor and then come back and address that back pain
Do you have a sore throat or pain in your neck?
Do you live alone?
okay, and is there any pain associated with that??
I'm sorry, could you please repeat that?
Have you been working through the pain?
Overall is your pain getting better or worse?
Is it worse sitting, standing, bending over?
And does it hurt all the time?
does anything make it better or worse?
Do you have any allergies?
How often do you take ibuprofen? In what dose?
So it is really painful
Is the pain localized in the middle of your back or does it radiate?
Have you tried anything to make the pain better?
Does the pain radiate to other parts of the body?
Has this happened in the past?
any diseases
were you labs normal?
Does the pain affect your sleep?
what dose have you been taking
When you watch football do you drink alcohol?
Great. Do you make time for exercise?
Great, thank you
I'm very sorry to hear. 
that's nice to help a friend, and I am sorry to hear it ended in pain. When was the original incident?
how did your grandparents die
Okay, so from what I have gathered you hurt your back about a week ago bending over while helping your friend move. You have a dull ache in the middle of your back, you are taking ibuprofen for it and bending over makes it worse, is that correct?
Have you tried any home remedies to help with the frequent urination?
Do you have any other medical history or allergies?
That must be very frustrating. Can you tell me more about your back pain?
The plan is for us to talk a little before the doctor joins us later. Does that sound okay to you?
Do you feel the urge to urinate and not passs urine?
Tell me a little about your parents.
What seems to make it better or worse that you have noticed?
Does your pain radiate?
How much of the suplement are you taking and for how long have you been taking it?
have you ever been in the hospital
When is it better or worse?
What about children?
Alright so can you tell me more about your back pain 
What does it feel like?
So, it still bothers you after taking Ibuprofen. How much Ibuprofen do you take?
How many sexual partners have you ever had
Thank you for coming in to see us today, Mr. Wilkins.
How's your family doing?
Did you use to play sports in high school or college?
It must be frustrating to be unable to work.
How many drinks would you say in a typical week?
Gum or tooth pain?
Are you attracted to men?
do you currently take any medications
What do you do for work?
ok thank you, what are you taking Saw Palmetto for?
Are you generally happy?
anything you regularly take medicine for?
Oh - that sounds frustating, to get hurt while helping a friend. What else can you tell me about the back pain?
when does it hurt the most
Before we begin is there anything else besides your back?
Is there anything else you  would like to tell me about your back pain?
Do you get checked for prostate cancer?
Can I have your full name and date of birth?
Do you live with anyone
can you describe the pain?
Can you point out the exact spot your back is hurting?
are you attracted to men, women, or both
Have you tried anything besides iburprofen, even if it didn't work?
Okay, I'm going to ask some questions about your past medical history now.
That's great. Do you consume alcohol?
Does the back pain radiate, or is it in one spot?
Are your parents still alive?
Do you take any medications?
appetite
How long ago were you lifting the couch?
Have you noticed any other problems along with your back?
do you have any worries
Okay, anything else?
Tell me about your increased urination
Could you tell me more about your back pain?
I see, that must be very difficult to not be able to do your job/
What makes it better or worse?
Do you take any medications?
Aside from ibuprofen, are you currently taking any medications?
Tell me about this back pain
when did that begin?
tell me about your diet?
Have they had any history of disease?
Okay Mr Wilkins, I think I have all the information I need. Thank you so much! I'll be in with the doctor shortly.
Is there anyone else working with you as a mechanic?
Hello Jim, How are you?
I see. When was this?
do you smoke
When did you say this began?
How has this been affecting you?
do you take any dietary supplements?
How has your pain affected your exercise?
So what brings you in to see me today/
do you exercise regularly
Have you tried anything else?
and any drugs that you use?
Do you drink alcohol
Do you take any drugs?
is there anything that makes it worse
Is there anything else you'd like to mention to the doctor?
Are you taking any medication for it?
Have you used any drugs in the past or present?
I'm sure you want to get back to your previous productivity. Let me just ask a few more questions about your back pain.
Do they have any health concerns?
Are you worried about this?
Have you had any illnesses in the past?
do you have any children
Hi, HOW ARE YOU ODING
what brings you in today
Are you generall happy or do you feel any depression?
Can you tell me a little more about your back pain?
Wow that sounds painful. Any other concerns?
any prescription medication
do you drink alcohol?
Thats' good
What do you do for a living?
Has the back pain impacted your ability to work?
What about your grandparents?
When you and your friends go out do you ever smoke or drink?
do you smoke?
have you every stayed in the hospital
Very neat.
are you taking any medication
Okay. great. Now I would like to get a picture of your family history. Is that okay?
Do you ever drink/
how much ibuprofen have you taken
Do you have a drink of alcohol every once in a while?
What color has your urine been?
Have you had any serious illnesses in the past?
Can you tell me about your family?
do you mind me asking what they passed from?
are you up to date on your vaccination and immunizations
what brings you in today
Well I'm glad to see you today. I want to take care of that back pain as soon as possible, but before we do that, is there anything you wanted to address today besides your back pain?
Do you have a good support system?
What fruit or vegetables do you eat?
Has the pain gotten worse over the past 3 days?
Are your grandparents living?
Do you use any drugs?
Does anythign make it worse?
Does anyone in your family have diabetes?
did you take an medication for it
I see. Any of your close relatives has ever had such back pain before?
What about your diet?
How long have you been taking ibuprofen?
That sounds very nice. What do you do for fun?
Do you habe any allergies?
ok. so we are going to discuss pain back and frequent urinations as well. Can you tell me about the back pain?
Okay, Any other characteristics about the pain?
can you tell me more about that?
Are you currently taking any medications?
do you have siblings?
Are you sexually active?
How long have you been taking it for?
how many sexual partners have you had
do you drink
Can you describe the pain?
How much are you sleeping?
have you ever had back pain before?
Do you enjoy your job?
Are you attracted to men, women, or both?
Can I ask why?
Are you anxious?
Excellent. In general, do you feel safe? 
How bad is the pain on a scale of 1-10. 10 being the worst imaginable pain.
Do you have any allergies?
I see. Do you drink soda or caffeinated beverages?
Are you up to date with your vaccinations?
You mentioned back pain, is there anything else you would like to talk about today?
Do you have any previous medical conditions?
How are you doing emotionally? 
how did that pain begin?
Is there any reason you have not tried extra strength tylenol this time, and only tried iburofen?
Do you know at what age your grandparents died, and from what?
do you have any allergies
How long has the pain been going on for?
do you have any chronic diseases?
ANy recreational drug use?
Do you feel unsafe
Does the pain stay in the middle of your back?
What made you start taking saw palmetto
DO you like living alone
where is the pain
Ok, so you have a dull, achey, constant pain in your lower back.
Has it gotten better or worse in the four or five days since it has started?
Are you sexually active?
how much ibuprofen do you take
Ok, let's move on to your past medical history. 
can you walk me through a normal day with this pain
are you taking any medication
so it is dull and achey, constant. Anything else?
How would you describe the pain?
any other problems
how is your diet
May I ask what you do for a living?
Has it affected you negatively?
has your pain interfered with your job?
is there anything else you would like us to address today besides the back pain
Have your grandparents passed away?
Is there anything else you would like to discuss while you are here?
And how would you describe the pain onset?
We have about 15 minutes to talk by the way
Do you notice it more when you wake up in the morning?
Do you have children?
Now I will ask about your medical history
Does anything make it better?
Have you noticed any rashes on your skin anywhere?
Okay, so back pain and increasing need to urinate. Is that correct?
Are you happy living alone?
Do you use prescription medications that are not prescribed to you?
Hello Mr. Wilkins, how are you doing today?
do you use illegal drugs
I would like to let you know we have 20 minutes for this session. I'd llike to get a list of what brings you in today
Can you tell me how the pain started?
Is your grandfather still alive?
Have you ever had an accident?
Great. Just a dull ache, correct?
Do you have any allergies?
so pretty bothersome. are there any aches?
What would that be?
I want to try heat and cold treatments for your back. How does that sound?
are your parents living
have you every had surgery
Are you currently using any ointments or creams?
Hello Mr. Wilkins?
Do you enjoy your job?
Are you currently taking any medications besides ibuprofen?
Does anything make it worse?
are you in a relationship
Do you have any pets?
When you are sexually active, do you have sex with men, women, or both?
Any difficulty with digestion?
okay I think I got everything I need 
any other medications?
Do you want to see a psychiatrist?
Welcome Mr. Wilkins. I'm Kevin, I'm a medical student who will be part of your healthcare team.
I hope to help you! I will go talk to my attending and I'll be right back.
Okay, so where is this back pain located
what makes the pain worse
Are you sexually active?
How about tobacco?
Is it okay if I call you Jim?
Is there something that caused your pain?
Okay. Is there anything else you want to tell me before the physical exam?
Great. Do you smoke?
That's okay. Were you with men, women, or both?
Good. Do you have any siblings?
Any join pain?
Ok. have you tried any at home treatments?
do you feel any other symptoms?
Do you have any siblings?
okay. Are you generally healthy? do you have any illnesses you currently deal with?
I can see how your back pain can be a problem with your work
Have you ever been hospitalized?
And how's your mood?
Ok how long ago did this happen?
When did you begin to notice it?
Do you work with cars for that job you were telling me about earlier?
What brings you in today?
any pain in other areas
Have you ever been hospitalized?
So you mentioned an increase in the need to urinate and back pain, is that all?
That's great. Can you tell me about any siblings? Age and their health?
do you have any concerns or questions for me?
When was the last time, if ever, that you have been?
Are there any chronic illnesses that run in your family?
And that is interfering with your job. So I'm going to take this to my attending to come up with a plan for you.
Great. So could you tell me what brings you in today?
Is your pain worse in the morning or evening?
What do you typically eat in a day?
What do you do for work?
When you had to get stitches, did you also get a teatnus shot?
Have you been sexually active in the past?
You've been taking ibuprofen just for your back pain?
Does anyhting make it worse?
Okay Mr. Wilkins. Thank you for sharing all of that with me. I will go talk to your doctor, and then Iwe will be back to talk some more about your back.
What happened in that case?
Tell me about yourself
medications?
do you use illegal drugs
Is the pain in one area?
Are you sexually active?
what do you expect from this visit?
do you have any allergies
Is your back pain affecting your work?
Do you have any other medial issues?
Do you have any siblings?
do you have a history of alcohol use?
How do you relieve the pain?
any surgeries?
Does anything else hurt along with your back?
do you exercise?
how often have you been taking it
Do you have any siblings?
how is work
Would you say you are a religious person?
Please verify your full name and date of birth
Okay great. Do you noramlly take any medications?
Do you drink alcohol
do you feel like you need to urinate more some days than others
Hi Mr. Wilkins, I'm Kylie Zane, a medical student who will be a part of your care team today. How are you doing today?
How is your activity level?
Okay. I want to get to know your medical history a little better now. What is you rliving situation right now?
Are you having any other pain?
That's great to hear. Are there any current or past medical problems that stand out to you?
How do you describe your support system?
did something happen the first time your back pain started?
any medications?
And when was that?
How has your mood been lately?
does it radiate anywhere?
do you sleep well
Okay. We'll start by talkign about your back pain and then we'll address the urfrequent need to urinate okY?
thats good to hear
Have you had a colonoscopy?
heart palpitations
Have you had back pain in the past?
What do you do outside of work?
Are you drinking more water?
Have you ever had therapy?
Do you smoke?
Does anything make the pain go away?
What were you doing when the pain started?
Hi, How are you today? 
Can you tell me more about what caused your previous back pain
No other concerns today?
are your parents living
Are you taking any alternative medications or therapies?
any allergies
Besides the back pain, are you healthy?
Hi Mr. Wilkins, how are you today?
great
Okay great, does anyone live at home with you?
And is there anything that makes it worse?
How would you describe the pain
Hi. Mr. Wilkins. My name is Ariunaa and I am a med student with the team. I will be i
Do you feel safe at home?
describe the frequent urination
Have you had any past hospitilizations?
Do you have any concerns about the back pain?
Do you use any illegal drugs?
Does it ever spread to other areas?
You mentioned you've been having trouble with increased urination?
Do you ever feel threatened?
For your back?
Is the pain affecting your sleep?
Okay, great. What do you do for work?
That is good to hear
Do you live in an apartment or house?
how much water do you drink in a day?
Can you tell me about when it started?
How has the pain developed over the last three days?
how does that make you feel
is your job stressful
what activities do you do
are you taking any medications?
any medical history
Are you single or married?
Are you taking any vitamins or supplements? 
Do you take any medications?
Do you perform health screenings regularly?
Anything else?
Ok, do you mind if I ask you a few more questions, just to get to know you a little bit better?
Have you noticed any color change with your urination?
What do you do for a living?
What do you think may have caused your back pain?
what do you do for fun
Any injuries in the past?
Ok now let's talk about your frequent urination 
Do you have any chronic illnesses
Any illegal drugs?
How long has this pain been going on?
Have you taken any other medication?
what do you do for fun
do you have any allergies
Do you drink alcohol?
Ok, I will go get your doctor now.
have you ever had any serious medical problems
Could you describe the pain for me?
Do you enjoy your job?
do your parents have any medical problems
how is home
How do you feel about yourslef?
Can you tell me more about the pain?
What do you think is causing the pain?
And an only child. Are your parents still living?
were you doing anything when it hurt
I will ask you some more focused questions now if thats okay
Can you describe the pain for me a little more?
Do you drink alcohol?
That must be interfering with your life
That's okay thank you for telling me. Are you currently on any medications?
has it gotten worse?
Is there any history of prostate cancer in your family/
Good for you. How's your diet?
Do you have a good group of friends?
Do you smoke?
How long has it been?
any other problems
Right, we'll get to the bottom of it.
Any other medications?
Did something happen a week ago to cause this pain?
Do you feel any warmth with the pain?
Do you drink alcohol?
can you describe the pain
Listen, we have about 15 minutes. Could you tell me more about your back pain?
I'm glad to hear that. Is there anything that makes the need to urinate worse?
Are you up to date on vaccinations?
Okay, I see. So the ibuprofen makes it better, anything else?
Im sorry to hear that
okay, I want to ask you a few questions about your medical history
Do you feel safe where you live?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your pain?
Okay so now I am going to ask you some questions about your past medical history
Has this type of back pain ever happend to you before?
over the past week, has it gotten better or worse?
yes
Hello Mr. Wilkins, how are you doing today?
Do you ever feel lightheaded or dizzy?
Thank you for being honest with me. I will tell the dictor about your back pain.
now im going to ask you some questions about your past medical history. do you have any chronic illnesses or diseases
Any swelling associated?
Do you drink alcohol?
Do you feel safe in your life?
Could you describe the pain for me?
Im sorry to hear that. Is there any thing else that you would like to talk about? 
have you ever had a major illness
do you use tobacco?
Is the pain constant
What about exercise?
Do you use any drugs?
What is a typical day like?
Yes, ever
are you taking any medication
Any seasonal or environmental allergies 
What about any past hospitilizations? 
Do you have any siblings?
What do you do for physical activity?
is it intermittent or constant?
When does the pain feel worse?
Any hospilizations
Do you take anything else to help with your back pain?
tell me more about that
Hi Mr. Wilkins. My name is Jamie I will be taking your information today
Can you tell me what the pain feeels like?
Have you had any surgeries?
Okay. We have about 15 minutes today to talk about your back pain and frequent urinations,. Does that plan sound good to you?
are you up to date on immunizations?
what is your job 
Tell me more about your back pain
How often are you taking the ibuprofen?
Do you have any other symptoms with your pain?
Do you feel safe at home
Could you tell me more about your back pain? 
Where does it hurt?
Any recent accidents?
When was the last time you were sexually active?
that is very difficult
Have prior partners been with men, women, or both?
are you current on vaccinations
What do you do in your free time?
Okay, that's all the questions I have for now. I'll go ahead and get started with the physical exam if that's okay with you
Anything else?
How severe is the pain on a scale of 1-10?
What brings you in today?
Okay great. Any family history of cancer, diabetes, hypertension?
Great. Well that's all my questions, do you have any questions for me?
When was your last colonoscopy?
who lives at home with you?
for how long?
Is the pain worse at certain times of the day?
Do they have an illnesses that you can think of?
okay and are you currently in a relationship?
What kind of pain is it?
That's good to hear
does it radiate?
Ok, do you do any recreational drugs?
On a scale of 1-10, how intense is the pain?
Ok, can you tell me about your job
Okay Mr. Wilkins. So you came in today with low back pain, about a 7 out of 10, that is dull and achey. It has been going on for about a week and it  is interfering with your ability to work. Is that right?
Alright. Has it gotten worse since it happened or been relatively the same
Do you have allergies?
Have you had any past illnesses?
when you say the frequency has increased, how much would you say it has increased?
any surgical history
I want you to feel safe to share anything in this conversation, and I will keep anything you tell me between us.
Do you do drugs?
how is work
How much of a dosage are you taking for the ibuprofen?
Are you considering being sexually active?
Where do you work?
I'm sorry to hear that. How long has this been going on?
Are you on any medications?
coffee?
Does nayone in your fmaily ahve cancer?
does it radiate anywhere else
Does the pain radiate
Where do you work?
That's too bad. I am sorry to hear that
I see. when did this happen?
okay. How about your sexual activity?
Tell me more about your frequent urination
how much do you take of the medication?
How often in a week do you drink alcohol
Could you tell me more about that?
Are you dealing with any other illnesses right now?
can you describe the pain?
That sounds uncomfortable! Well we have about fifteen minutes today and I'm wondering if there are any other reasons for your visit today, other than back pain
Thank you for cooperating, Mr. Wilkins
Do you have children?
Glad to see you could make it in.  How is your day?
Are you sexually active?
does it hurt to touch
Tell me more about that
how much
How is this been affecting you?
can you tell me any characteristics of the pain
That must be difficult for you
So how are your spirits these days? 
Have you ever been hospitalized before?
Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Well my name is Nina Livermore. I am a medical student.
Tell me more.
do you have any allergies
Are you drinking coffee?
Have you ever been hospitalized
can you describe the pain
do you have siblings
Great to hear that. How about your mood? 
Anything else you want to talk about today?
when was your last doctors appointment?
when did you first notice this?
May I have your name and date of birth?
When did you start having this pain?
That sounds frustrating
Hi, Mr. Wilkins, how are you today?
Could you tell me a little more about that?
I'm so sorry to hear that.
can you rate the pain
Has anything made it better this time?
Do you have any children?
What do you do for work?
Any numbness?
are you taking any supplements
Okay, are you taking any other medications fo rit?
Any children?
Oh no, this back pain must really affect your job. I'm sorry.
May I jabe you name and date of birth
Okay, now I'm going to ask you some questions I ask all patients.
and have they had any medical issues
Do you consider your diet to be healthy?
I am going to take your medical history now, ok? 
Alright. I am going to ask personal questions to get to know you a little better.
any family history of illness
What about past accidents or injuries?
We will definitely talk about your back pain. Did you want to talk about anything else?
Do you have any  allergies?
Do you have high cholesterol?
Any pain in your joints?
when does it hurt the worst
Okay, great. Do you eat many fruits and vegetables?
Is there anything you do that makes the pain worse?
Have you had your blood glucose checked? 
Can you tell me a little about your family and their health?
Is there a certain position that makes it more comfortable?
Have you ever tried any recreational drugs before?
Okay. Anything else?
Do you live with anyone else?
are your parents healthy
Ok
The pain is only in your back, it isn't radiating elsewhere, and you'd rate it as a 7, but it is probably a 5-6 with ibuprofen
I can imagine that working with cars would be a little bit dangerous at times!
When did this first start?
Has that helped the pain?
any hospitalizations
When did this start?
How severe is it?
okay. Any recreational drugs?
can you confirm your name and date of birth
Have you noticed anything in particular that makes it better or worse?
Is there anything else you would like to discuss besides your back?
Hello Mr Wilkins. How have you been this month?
No prescriptions?
So the pain started four to five days ago
Do they have any issues with high blood pressure?
I will be asking you some questions to better get to know you
Do you use cigarettes or other tobacco products?
That's nice. Do you drink alcohol?
I'm so sorry, that must be really hard. What kind of job do you have?
what kind of work do you do?
Any issues at work?
That's okay. I'm going to move into some more personal questions now
Has there been any redness or tenderness associated with your pain?
Have you had any other illneses lately?
Any history of cardiac problems?
are some days better than others?
I'm sorry to hear that. How long has this been going on?
Have you tried anything that seems to make the pain feel better?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope we'll be able to figure out what's going on so you can start feeling better soon
Would you consider yourself happy?
What brings you in today Dr. Wilkins?
have you noticed other problems
Can you tall me why you came in today?
Oh, Im sorry to hear that you are in pain, I would like to talk to you about that some more but before we dive in is there anything else you would like to get accomplished in this visit
What do you do for work?
do you prefer men or women
do you take over the counter medications
Any allergies to medication?
Can you confirm your full name and date of birth?
Is there anything that makes it better, besides the ibuprofen?
Have you tried medication like tylenol for the pain?
Have you been to the hospital before today?
Have you had any accidents
excellent! How about your yearly screenings?
any exercise?
Can you describe the back pain for me?
do you have any other concerns to talk about?
That sounds unpleasant, I'm sorry to hear that. Where exactly does it hurt?
do you use illegal drugs
Is there anything else you want to mention? Anyting that I may have missed??
Any accidents?
okay, and where is it on your back?
have you ever had any surgeries
Ok thank you for telling me this
do you smoke
So it seems to get worse with prolonged use?
score me
is there a certain time of day when it is better or worse?
Hello, Mr. Wilkins.  My name is Megan Pino, and I am a first year medical student at OSU.  I am going to be working with you today to obtain your medical history.
I'm sorry. Is there anythign that you do that helps the pain?
How long has the pain been going on for?
are your parents living
Can I ask why you have not taken any today?
Do you take any supplements
What does Saw Palmetto do for you?
Have you had any surgeries?
your back?
Are you married?
Do you have any children?
We have about 15 minutes together today, does that plan sound okay?
Do you have any allergies?
what kind of work do you do
are you sexually active
Are you currently sexually active?
Are your parents still alive?
are your parents healthy
okay. so to summarize your back pain started about a week ago when you were lifiting something, it is dull and achy, and ibuprofen doesn't help. Is there anything else I need to know?
What is the severity of the pain on a scale of 1-10?
How bad does it hurt on a scale of 1 to 10
Tylenol does not help your pain currently?
how much ibuprofen do you take
I would like ask a few questions about background. First, haveyou had any major illnesses in the past?
does the pain radiate
Are you sexually active?
Ok what brings you in today?
Can you tell me about any childhood illnesses?
hmm. Have you ever had such pain before this time?
can you tell me about your back pain
Do you take any other medications except for the tylenol for pain?
what do you do for fun
Do you use any drugs?
Have you had any prior hospitalizations?
on a scale of 1-10 how would you rate the pain?
how is home
Have you been hospitalized?
What did you do before that?
Great. Thank you. I will step out and talk to the doctor and we will come back with a plan.
does it radiate?
Hello, Mr. Wilkins. My name is Christine and I am a medical student here today to talk to you about what brings you in today. How are you?
What about tobacco?
how often are you feeling constipated
Okay. In general would you describe yourself as happy?
Tell me more.
are your immunizations up to date
okay and when did this happen
What seemed to cause that 4 or 5 years ago?
what makes the pain worse
have you had any health screenings?
any family history of illness
Do you use any recreational drugs, tobacco, or alcohol?
What is your occupation?
are you curruently taking any perscription medications
what movements make it hurt
What's going on today?
what do you do for a living
Do you use tobacco?
are you attracted to men or women
Okay, good. Any joint pain?
Okay no problem. Where is this pain in your back?
Do you hve any questions for me?
I understand, can you describe the pain?
Any other medications?
It must be frustrating to not be able to work.
does anything make it better or worse?
On a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being no pain and 10 being the worst you can imagine, what number would you give this pain you are describing?
do you have any allergies
are your parents living
Do you date women or men?
Have you ever been in any accidents?
How has your day been?
How is your family's health doing?
Alright, and do you smoke?
I would like to ask few questions regarding your past medical history
How is your blood glucose?
Is there anything that makes it feel better?
Do you feel safe at home?
Have you ever felt the need to change your drinking habits?
what were you doing when your back began hurting?
does the pain get worse any time
Have you tried anything that makes the pain any better?
Do you drink alcohol?
Do you use safety devices, like seatbelts and helmets?
Any other medications?
When was this?
And who do you live with?
have you had any surgeries
any family history of illness
Oh Im sorry that must be tough
Tell me about your home life
Is there anything that makes your pain worse?
Is your work stressful?
Okay, so overall a good and healthy state of health, correct?
I see, any hospitlizations ever?
do you have any conditions?
are there any associated symptoms?
Is the pain only in your back?
Hi my name is Ryan. I am a medical student helping care for you today.
How much more often are you urinating?
any other problems
any family history of illness
Does anything relieve the pain?
How are things at home?
ok i will get the doctor to come and we can discuss a treatment paln for you
can you rate the pain
are you taking any medication
Ok, just clarifying. Thank you
Do you have high blood pressure?
can you rate the pain
Do you drink alcohol?
Do you exercise?
Have you been hospitalized before?
Hello, Mr. Wilkins
do you have any kids
your apetite
What makes it worse?
And what do you do for work?
What do you do for a living
is there any event you remember that started this pain
What do you think is causing the back pain
do they have any medical conditions
Have you tried anything to relieve the pain?
Have you had any past medical problems?
what is your past medical history
Do you take any medications? 
do you use illegal drugs
Any hearing problems? 
Okay great! Have you ever been depressed?
Hello Mr. Wilkin. My name is Christine and I am a medical student here to take your history and understand what's going on with you. How are you?
Does it hurt when you urinate?
Okay, what makes it worse?
How much ibuprofen are you taking?
Thank you JIm, so what brings you in this afternoon?
Is there anything else you would like to discuss while you are here?
what region of your back
okay any supplements or herbal medications
and how about alcohol?
Are you routinely getting tests done like a colonoscopy?
How about recreational drugs 
any history of diabetes?
What about your grandparents health?
Are you sure?
any over the counter medicaions?
Tell me about your car shop?
Ok so, tell me more about your back pain
Do you have any chronic issues?
Other than the ibuprofen, is there anything else that makes the pain feel better?
okay jim, do you have any allergies?
do you enjoy your job?
Does that pain travel to any other parts of your body?
Are you experiencing any other symptoms? 
how much do you weigh
SO you don't have kids. Are you married?
is there anything that helps with the discomfort?
What were you doing at the time of onset?
How long ago were you moving the apartment?
Good afternoon! Are you taking time away from work to visit me?
ok, I think that covers all of my questions. any questions you have for me?
Are you in pain all the time?
Any blood in your urine?
Please let me know if you are uncomfortable answering any questions
Does the back pain interfere with your daily life?
Where in your back are you feeling the pain?
Thank you
who do you currently live with
Do you use tobacco products?
It's definitely interfering with your daily life...
can you rate the pain
diabetes?
How would you describe the pain?
are you married
That must be frustrating. What is your biggest fear with the pain?
where is the pain
Do you have any chronic conditions?
do they have any health conditions?
who lives at home with you
Thank you Mr. Wilkins. 
seizures
Hi, Mr Wilkins. My name is Michela I am a first year medical student. How are you today
I'm sorry to hear that!
My name is ss and I am a medical student who will be part of your healthcare team today
How are you?
How are your relationships with people?
That's great. How is work? 
Okay, do you have sex with women, men or both?
Do you find yourself bent over a lot?
Alright. Thank you for your time. I will go grab the doctor and we will be back shortly
Ok, thank you for sharing this with me. Before we begin, Iwould like to set up an agenda with you. We will review youtr back pain and then do a complete history. Does that sound ok?
can you rate the pain
OK. what do you do for work?
Do you know of any members of your family to have back issues?
Tell me about your parents
Alright so tell me about how your back pain has been affecting you?
I see. We are going to come up with a plan to address your back pain.
tell me about your urination
Okay great. Have you been hospitalized for anything before?
And what about your family, who do you live with?
other than the stitches, any significant injuries?
Ok are you on any medications or supplements?
Have you had any past hospital visits?
Hello Mr. Wilkins
Where is the pain?
Where on your back does it hurt?
Do you have any major causes of stress?
How intense is the pain
Can you tell me more about the frequent urination please?
Is it a dull pain or a sharp pain?
Are you grandparents alive?
Okay, great. I want to make sure we address everything you would like to discuss. Tell me more about your back pain.
How about your grandparents?
I'm glad to hear that. ow has your mood been lately?
Do you smoke, drink, or use other drugs?
Tell me more about how it started
loss of vision
Do you have any children?
How has it been impacting your life?
Hello Mr.Wilkins. What brings you in today?
How about any childreN?
How old are you Mr. Wilkins?
Does your work require you to move around a lot?
what brings you in today?
Any stresses?
Do you live with anyone
I'm sorry to hear that. Where do you work?
Before we do that, I also need to ask about your past and family history to get a full picture.
have you had surgery
How many sexual partners have you had ever?
Okay, so tylenol helped last time. Have you tried any medication for your pain this time?
So, just to be sure I have all of the information, you have back pain that is priarily in the middle of your back. Is that correct?
anything make it better?
Have you had any surgeries in the past?
and you also want to discuss your sometimes increased need to go to bathroom.
are you taking any other medication
are your immunizations up to date?
Ok, so it is quite painful
What activities do you do outside of work?
are you current on vaccinations
Are you sexually active?
do you take any other medications?
Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that. How severe would you rate the pain 1-10, with 1 being no pain and 10 being the most severe pain in your life?
Are your grandparents still around?
and over that period of time has the pain worsened, imporved, or stayed the same ?
Okay, and is there anything you are using to make that better?
Have you had any surgeries?
does it get worst when you do anything?
yes
When did this happen; when was your friend moving the couch?
where exactly is the pain located
okay. have you ever had surgery before? 
I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me more about your back pain?
tell me about the pain
Have you ever been diagnosed with any other diseases?
do you have any allergies
Does the pain spread to other areas?
how long ago was this?
Now I will ask some more specific questions to better understand this back pain.
How has the back pain impacted your work ability?
Is there a time in the day where it seems to be better or worse?
how has this been affecting your life?
what do you do for fun
Are you happy?
Have you had any accidents?
Do you drink alcohol?
Are you having any other issues you want to talk about today?
We have 20 minutes together today where we will talk about what brought you in
I'm sorry to hear about your pain and am very glad you came in today. 
Hello, Mr. Wilkins. My name is Juliana and I'm an M1 on your care team today. How are you doing?
Is there anything else that makes the pain better?
Do you happen to know of any chronic illenesses in your family 
Any illegal drugs?
Have you ever been hospitalized?
HI, I'm ZHeng, a first year med student with Dr. Black Is it ok ifI ask you some questions?
is there anything else you would like to talk about'
is it ok if i ask you some personal questions
and since the pain started has it gotten worse or remained the same?
Do you like your job?
why is that?
Besides your back, is there anything else that you would like to talk about today?
Has anyone in your immediate familysuffered from any major or chronic medical conditions?
Do you ever find yourself feeling depressed?
Can you tell me about any medications you take?
Do you have any problems in your sex life?
Do your parents have any illness?
Do you use appropriate PPI when necessary at work?
Have you ever had any bad side effects to medications?
Have you had any painful urination?
Good. When you are stressed, how do you handle it?
how much medicine do you take?
How long have you been a mechanic?
Okay. I have a few more questions I have to ask all of my patients just to help understand your medical history. Have you used any drugs including illicit drugs in the past?
Does anything run in your family?
How about work?
Have you ever had any major operations?
Do you know how your grandparents died
Okay. Do you drink coffee or caffeinated drinks?
can you rate the pain
But you do not consider your alcohol consumption a problem?
Who lives at home with you?
Okay is there anything else you want to talk about today?
ok im going to ask you about your past medical history
where do you work 
HOw has it been progressing?
Have you ever been admitted to a hospital?
Does anyone in your family have anything?
How interesting!
Glad to hear that
Do you have sex with men, women, or both?
do you know what you were doing when this started
On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate it?
Can you show where on your back you're having pain?
Hi Mr. Wilkins, my name is Shannon Webber and I'm a medical student working with your physician today
what do you do for fun
Do you take Saw Palmetto?
Are you physically active?
At what ages did you grandparents die?
Do you like working in your garage?
have you ever had any therapy
where exactly is the pain
What do you think caused your symptoms?
Do you have any siblings?
Ok, I just need to collect more informatiion to learn more about you
That sounds painful. Can you describe the pain?
Nothing in your arms or legs, not tingling or pain?
does anything make it better?
when did this start?
Can you tell me why you avoid hospitals?
what does it feel like?
How would you describe your general health
about how many partners have you had in your lifetime?
Have you taken any medications?
Have you tried anything besides ibuprofen?
I'm so sorry to hear that. We will address that today. Is there anything else?
Do you feel like it is getting worse over time?
Does the frequent urination cause you worry
I understand you have some back pain. We'll talk about that first if you'd like. Then I have some questions about your past medical history and family history that I'd like to ask. Is there anything else you would like to discuss at our meeting today?
I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything else that's bothering you today?
Do you monitor your weight?
Okay, is your back pain affecting your work?
Are you currently on any medications?
do you do heavy lifting at your job?
Have you eveer felt back pain at any other time?
Are you up to date with all your immunizations?
Have you ever smoked?
Do you recall how it began?
How would you say your general health is, except your foot and back?
